you ready here's another brain busting
workout for you
and off we go after classes
margot was studying in the library at
one point she left for the bathroom
when the girl returned she found out her
wallet was gone
margot immediately called the police the
librarian said she'd seen some guy
but she had poor eyesight and couldn't
remember what he looked like
after listening to her vague description
the police officers questioned
three students owen said he had been
studying and hadn't even left his desk
until the police arrived finn said he'd
seen the girl
but never really paid attention to her
he was looking for some books
lucas said he'd been busy talking to his
friend on the phone
he hadn't seen anything can you figure
out who
stole the wallet
it was luca he said he'd been talking on
the phone
but it's prohibited in the library if he
had used his phone
he'd have been immediately kicked out so
he's lying
during a casual walk deep in the forest
esme got lost
after hours of wandering she saw a
witch's house
esme asked the elderly woman to show her
the way back
the witch refused but she was in a good
mood and offered a deal
she gave esme three apples two of them
were poisoned
and one was okay to eat the girl had to
pick one apple and bite into it
if she didn't get poisoned the witch
would show her the way home
esme was a smart girl and managed to do
it
how did she know which apple to pick
in one apple there was a worm which
means it was safe to eat
a student was having an exam and he was
about to fail it
the professor decided to give him one
more chance and asked the last question
it was what's my oldest daughter's name
the student was puzzled the professor
decided the question was too hard
and gave the guy a hint he wrote down
three numbers
58 3 and 11. can you help the student
answer the question
[Music]
it's a chemistry class the riddle must
be related to this subject
have a look at the periodic table the
58th element is cerium or
ce the third element is lithium li
and the 11th element is sodium or n a
if you put all of them together you'll
get the name selena
the professor liked the game when
another student was struggling with his
task
he gave him another puzzle the man said
i
have daughters all of them except two
have dark hair
all of them except two have blonde hair
and all of them except two have red hair
how many daughters do i have can you
help the student out
[Music]
this time the riddle has nothing to do
with chemistry
pure logic the professor has three
daughters
one of them has dark hair the second is
blonde and the third daughter has
red hair ben was walking in the park at
night
when someone knocked him out and stole
all his stuff the guy went to the police
three people cole jerry and bernard were
in the park at that time
they got arrested the detective gave
each of them a marker
and asked them to write their names on
the whiteboard as soon as they finished
he immediately arrested the right person
who was guilty
and how did the detective find it out
it was jerry ben was hit from the right
it means the person who did it was
left-handed
among the three suspects that's only
jerry
hmm really ben and jerry i think i need
some ice cream
a member of an expedition to the south
pole found himself in a frozen cave
he didn't remember what had happened but
he knew he had to get out
the man saw three doors and a note
saying what was behind
each of them behind the first door there
was a hungry polar bear
behind the second door there was a room
filled with poisonous gas
and behind the third there was a room
with sharp icicles falling from the
ceiling every second
which door should the man choose to
survive
should pick the first door he's at the
south pole there are no
polar bears there after classes
nora stayed at the university she needed
to finish her project
she was sitting in the hallway so she
got hungry
the girl went to grab some food and left
all her stuff behind
when nora returned she checked her
things and called the police
she told him what had happened and
reported her wallet stolen
there were three other students nearby
all of them were questioned
kennedy said she had been texting her
friends
ethan said i did sit close to nora for a
while
but i didn't see or touch her wallet
gabriella said she had been in the
classroom and just walked out a couple
minutes before
the detective listened to them and left
without arresting anyone
[Music]
why
the detective remembered that nora had
gone to get some food
it means the wallet was with her and
couldn't be stolen
the girl lied
three women sarah milla and eleanor went
shopping
two of them are pregnant and one is a
professional watermelon thief
yeah i know but just humor me can you
tell
which one stole the watermelon
it's mila she's wearing heels it's not
the kind of shoes
pregnant women would wear aurora was
spending her summer in the countryside
she often took long walks in the forest
alone
one day she saw a huge mansion it was
obvious no one lived there
so she entered the house it was dusty
inside but still
beautiful aurora took some pictures and
left the place
when the girl came back home she looked
through her photos
she wanted to pick the best ones to post
on her social media
but then she saw one of the photos and
screamed
take a careful look at this photo can
you see what scared her so much
aurora noticed she herself was in the
photo
but it's impossible she was alone in the
house
stella and adeline were sisters their
grandmother once presented adeline a
bracelet
but both girls love this piece of
jewelry very much
so sometimes stella snuck into her
sister's room
and borrowed the bracelet one day adlin
came home
and noticed the bracelet was gone she
knocked on her sister's door
stella opened the door realized it was
her sister
and shut it again in a couple of minutes
adalyn managed to break into the room
she started searching for the bracelet
stella told her that this time
she hadn't taken adeline's jewelry allen
didn't find anything
and had to leave but on her way out she
remembered something
and managed to get her bracelet back
where was it
[Music]
when stella opened the door she had her
hair down
but later she already had her hair tied
up
in those few minutes she made a bun and
hid the bracelet in her hair
on a rainy summer night mrs miller came
home
after work her neighbor mrs smith
visited her
the women wanted to have some tea
together mrs smith said her daughter was
at a party
she met one of mrs miller's triplet sons
there
mrs miller asked which one it was but
her friend didn't know
her daughter could never tell the guys
apart
the problem was all three of them were
grounded and weren't allowed to go out
until the next week
mrs miller wanted to find out who had
broken the rules
she called the boys and asked how they'd
spent the day
ian the artist said in the evening i was
outside drawing
ryan the musician said i spent all day
inside writing a new song luke who likes
sports
said i did a workout and spent the rest
of the day reading
mrs miller understood which of her sons
was lying
and grounded him for another month who's
the liar
and how did she know
ian lied he said he'd been drawing
outside
but it was raining another day
another walk in the forest and esme got
lost again
and still she managed to find the way to
the witch's house
this time the woman had another task for
esme
the witch gave esme a candy bar and a
knife
she was going to perform seven tricks
after each of them
esme had to give her one-seventh of the
bar
but there was a catch the knife was
magical and could only make
two cuts it was also impossible to break
the bar
or cut it without the knife how did esme
fulfill these conditions
and return home
[Music]
esme made two cuts dividing the bar into
the following pieces
one seventh two sevenths and four
sevenths
after the first trick she gave the witch
the one seventh piece
after the second one the girl offered
the woman the two-seventh piece
and took away the one-seventh after the
third trick
she gave the witch the smallest piece
back
after the fourth trick esme took away
the first two pieces
and gave the woman the four seventh
piece then she gave her the smallest
piece again
after the sixth trick the girl took away
the one-seventh
and gave the witch the two-seventh piece
and
after the last trick she gave the woman
the smallest part of the bar again
bonus question hey if esme is so smart
how come she keeps getting trapped in
the forest i have no answer